[Hold] Platform Outlook Source Connector docs (#277)
Unstructured-IO/docs: snippets/general-shared-text/outlook.mdx

> The Outlook prerequisites:

Reviewer: @ds-filipknefel Please fill in this list of user prerequisites in order to get what they need to fill in the fields in the UI. For each prerequisite, please link to public third-party step-by-step documentation that instructs the user how to get these details.

Author: I've included an Azure registration link, a link to official Microsoft guide on how to create the Application (also a video, though it doesn't cover the guide exactly which I mention). I've also added info on where values of few fields related to the application in question can be found.

The Outlook prerequisites:

> A Microsoft Entra ID tenant. If you don't have a tenant, [create an Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/purchase-options/azure-account/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Microsoft Entra ID tenant. If you don't have a tenant, [create an Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/purchase-options/azure-account/).
```

<iframe
width="560"
height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2bQ6WiJ1ncA"
title="YouTube video player"
frameborder="0"
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
allowfullscreen
></iframe>

> An Azure identity platform managed application. Learn how to create one from **Register an application** and **Add credentials (Option 2)** steps from Microsoft's [official guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/auth-register-app-v2). Watch how to **Register an application** in the following video, you can omit the **Redirect URI** part and still need to add credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Microsoft Entra ID app registration. [Create an app registration](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/auth-register-app-v2). See also the following video, but note that while you can omit the **Redirect URI** part, you must still add credentials:
```

<iframe
width="560"
height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/au1dBzirmvQ?si=hRakOvOI4oxZ56qv" 
title="YouTube video player"
frameborder="0"
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin"
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

> Once you've created the application you can access data for **Client ID** and **Tenant** fields in App registrations' **Overview** section.
> 
> Copy and store the secret created in App registrations' **Certificates & secrets > Client secrets > New client secret.** for the **Client Credential** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created the app registration, you can get the **Client ID** and **Tenant** values from the app registration's **Overview** section in the Azure portal.

Copy and store the secret that you create by using the app registration's **Certificates & secrets > Client secrets > New client secret** link. The secret will appear in the **Client Credential** field.
```
